Description:

The Boson.sol contract creates can be found in the test folder. It is a simple contract 
which uses fungible ERC20 tokens as the payment mechanism, which can be exchanged for ether
on the smart contract itself. These tokens can then be used to secure a product, which are represented 
through a _tokenID which pounts to a struct with its descriptive features (price, seller, state etc.).
In this way the product itself is represented in a Non-fungible Token manner, as each tokenID is unique.
If the buyer purchases a product, they send the tokens to the smart contract where they are held in 'escrow'.
However, they are also then approved by the smart contract to send these tokens back to themselves, or to the seller.
This is done through the erc20 _approve and  transferFrom functions. The _approve function is an internal function, so
it can only be used inside one of our functions, assuring that only in the right scenarios people can transfer the correct amount 
of tokens from the smart contract to the seller, or back to themselves. For the sake of the exercise i did not make any
modifications to the ERC20 contract, however it would be advisable to make the transferFrom function internal, as a buyer could
transfer the tokens back to themselves, without changing the state of the order to COMPLAINT. It must also be noted 
that in the current format of this contract the buyer holds an assymetric amount of power as they are the sole entity with control 
over the money held in escrow. 


Requirements
Node Installed & Npm Installed
Ganache Installation


Step 1 : Install Ganache to run the local network (https://www.trufflesuite.com/docs/ganache/quickstart)
 - Create an ethereum workspace

Step 2 : run 'npm install -g truffle'
Step 3 : in this folder run 'truffle test'
 - This will run the 'tests' which are in fact all the steps provided in the execise
 - At the end it will retrieve the answers of the three questions 
    1. What is Buyer 1's balance? 18.5
    2. What is Seller 2's balance? 5
    3. What is the total amount held in escrow? 6


Some Limitations
 - In the current smart contract the quantity of a product cannot be specified, eg: to buy two t-shirts the seller would have to put it up for sale twice and the buyer would have to purchase it twice



Notes
 - Smart contracts can be viewed under the test folder, main contract is Boson.sol
 - safemath is no longer necessary on pragma solidity ^0.8.0; 
   - https://blog.soliditylang.org/2020/12/16/solidity-v0.8.0-release-announcement/
   - https://blog.soliditylang.org/2020/10/28/solidity-0.8.x-preview/




